hey guys showing up with my string key
natural Hagrid hair and no makeup of
course today we're gonna do a makeup
tutorial because I found these awesome
special effect makeup pictures on
Pinterest I'm like why not try this out
and on Instagram I was playing around
with eyeshadows and I did this and I
asked you guys if you wanted to see this
in the video you guys like yeah so let's
get started first I'm gonna take a
headband and put my hair back cuz I've
got too many curly Q's and kal licks and
just baby hairs all over having a party
in the forehead and then I just happened
to borrow a hospital gown no I didn't
steal a hospital I actually got it from
a friend so it's not mine I have to take
it back and then I'm gonna take some
makeup face primer put that all over
your face or we're gonna do the scars
and the black guy and I know my face
gets super red like a giant pimple
whenever I rub it to heart and put on
face primer it just happens like that
and then I'm just taking some eyeshadow
primer because we're gonna mainly use
eyeshadows now on top of the eyeshadow
primer a very cheap alternative instead
of using eyeshadow primer cuz it's not
like we're gonna wear this all day girl
this Nivea cream we just want it to be
more pigmented you need something for
your makeup to grip to maybe some
moisturizer or something but this Nivea
cream smells lovely and it just makes
your skin a little bit shinier and
pigmented when the eyeshadows go on you
get my drift now for the good part
taking a big fluffy eyeshadow brush I'm
gonna get this deep dark kind of
burgundy color you want all your
eyeshadows in this look to be matte and
I'm gonna apply it like so around my eye
socket and more heavier on the bottom
like dark circles but it's actually
gonna look like someone just socked you
in the eyeball then I take some a light
matte yellow eyeshadow and put it around
it and then I'm just still using that
burgundy color on my ring finger and
blotting it on the bottom of your eyes
then I'm taking this matte blue
eyeshadow on the same fluffy brush
honestly you don't have to use a whole
bunch of brushes just clean this one off
girl do you have that many brushes cuz I
don't I mean it's
just easier and put that next to the
burgundy in in your inner corner of the
eye if you have to use a mirror that's
like as close to your nose as possible
do it because you do not want to mess up
then I'm taking the same burgundy
eyeshadow and then putting that on the
socket of my eye and also under my lower
lashes and then I'm gonna get a matte
black eyeshadow that is really hard to
say for me for some reason today with
the same brush and then put it in the
top socket of your eye using the same
burgundy color I'm getting a giant
fluffy eye shadow brush and putting that
on my upper lip to look like someone
just like trying to tear off that upper
lip not tear it off like punched it I'm
probably the only girl on YouTube who
wants to look disgusting today because
aside from my hair starting off looking
like I just rolled out of bed and into a
dumpster you can and then onto this
YouTube screen that you're watching and
then with this black eye and now my lip
it's gonna get more intense than this
just the way taking that blue eye shadow
again with a fluffy brush and just
making sure that it looks like the
vessels underneath your skin have been
popping now I'm taking that burgundy
eyeshadow again and putting out on the
other eye on the lower part but not as
dark nowhere near as dark as the black
eye and then I'm gonna get the push
liner brush with the burgundy and doing
a cut mark on my cheek and this is gonna
be fun because you can get as creative
as you want you can do a jigsaw puzzle
type looking amounts of cuts all over
your face or if you do few to none it's
all depends on you but this burgundy is
going to be the outline of all of those
cuts and I'm doing some gashes on top of
my forehead remember you don't want to
do it too dark unless it's just like a
deep cut because these are gonna be
where the stitches go taking this liquid
black eyeliner pin we are gonna make
dash marks to make it look like stitches
and you're gonna do this across most of
the burgundy lines you just drew you
could leave some empty to do other types
of cuts and wounds I will show you that
soon be very light at hand on the center
marks of the actual dashes you're going
to do it thicker like it's a tie knot of
a stitch and at the ends you're gonna
flick it out very lightly at hand like
it's end of like a piece of thread or
whatever they used to like stitch up
people then that Burgundy
I shadow is gonna go below your bottom
lip more on your chin to make it look
like you just got hit there and punched
- doing another cut mark on the other
side of your cheek with that Burgundy
and doing the dash marks with the black
of the stitching taking this other
burgundy brownish type I shadow with
that push liner little paintbrush lookin
brush and darkening in and defining the
sides of the cuts and Stitch marks and
now for some fun we are gonna take some
fake blood so taking a very thin brush
and then putting that in between those
cut mark lines of the eyeshadow you did
before zigzagging through those stitch
marks you made you can make this as
bloody and drippy and Gauri's you want
or you could do thin little cut marks
like I am doing and taking that burgundy
eyeshadow just defining the sides of the
cut marks and stitches and more burgundy
eyeshadow on the unblocked eyed eyelid
on the top part a little bit and then I
decided to do this on my neck and do a
little gash mark with the eyeshadow and
then the fake blood now this is gonna
sound like I actually live in a nursing
home but if you happen to have some
surgical tape you're gonna cut it up
into little tiny rectangles like real
types of surgical tape that use in
hospitals and you are gonna put blood a
little bit more pools of it on the cut
and then put that over it so it seeps
through a little bit like if you're
having a real wound in real life I get
way too excited about fake blood like
your face it was just stitched together
after someone bashed it in see I'm just
too much for this sometimes and I'm just
doing this on the top cut marks where I
didn't do stitching and on the neck part
where I also didn't do stitching which
is kind of a bad idea because it's gonna
like bindle not part of your neck but I
made it work so on my middle finger I
took some black matte eyeshadow and put
it on the inside of my corner of the eye
to make it like darker and more deep set
like I really really got hurt and then
so it goes up into like the bone of the
inside of my eye on the upper part of my
nose and putting that Nivea cream on top
of it to make it shiny again now I'm
just taking some fake blood with that
tiny brush and then doing a little more
marks on like little cuts and everything
taking my hairband out in just making
your hair look like you just hopped out
of bed from being sick for like a month
straight now since I felt like this part
of my head was a little bare and I
wanted to be more bruised because I have
so many cuts on the other side of my
forehead I decide to take that burgundy
eyeshadow and put in like I just got
socked up there like it's more bruising
and some blue on top of that and some a
little bit of matte black very lightly
on top of that like it's a realistic
bruise on top of your skin and then
that's the finished look you can tease
your hair you could burning a crimp in
you can make it look very crazy but my
natural hair already looks crazy I think
and this is going to be your end results
of you looking like you just got into a
crazy fight and had some homemade
surgery done in a back alley maybe I
look like I decided to go play in
traffic today thank you guys so much for
watching all the products I used in this
video will be listed down below let me
know in the comments what was the worst
accident that you've ever gotten in
maybe as graphic and detail as possible
and I will see you guys soon with more
makeup tutorials to come and I love you
guys bye